HUH?
Jesse: WELCOME.
HUH.
YUBEL!
JADEN, LOOKS LIKE
YOU MADE IT.
I'VE BEEN WAITING.
HEY,
WHAT'S THAT?
Crowler:
A DUEL DISK.
THAT WAS LEFT BEHIND
BY ITS FORMER OWNER.
HE WON'T BE DOING ANY DUELING
WHERE HE IS NOW.
WANNA SEE WHAT HAPPENED?
HUH?
AAH!
ADRIAN!
HUH? OHH...
I'M SORRY!
THAT WAS CREEPY.
SO...
DID YUBEL
DO THAT?
I SURE DID. HA HA HA!
AND YOU'RE NEXT, JADEN.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDIN' TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKIN' TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX,
GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
OH...
HA HA HA!
YOU SHOULD SEE YOUR FACE.
YOU'RE MAD,
AND YOU'RE SCARED,
AND IT'S GREAT.
YOU'RE THINKING OF ALL
THE LITTLE FRIENDS YOU'VE LOST
IN THIS DIMENSION,
AND IT ANGERS YOU,
BUT YOU BETTER BE CAREFUL 'CAUSE
THE LAST TIME YOU GOT UPSET,
YOU TURNED INTO
AN EVIL, POWER-HUNGRY MANIAC.
KINDA LIKE ME.
GO AHEAD. GET ANGRY.
ADRIAN GOT ANGRY,
AND YOU SAW WHAT I DID TO HIM.
WELL, THAT'S NOT
GONNA HAPPEN TO ME!
GOT THAT?
YOUR DAYS OF SENDING
PEOPLE TO THE STARS
ARE OVER, YUBEL.
YA HEAR ME?
THIS IS BETWEEN
YOU AND ME,
SO LEAVE JESSE
OUT OF THIS AND DUEL ME
IN YOUR TRUE FORM.
LEAVE JESSE
OUT OF THIS?
HA HA HA!
WHY WOULD I DO THAT?
WITH THIS BODY,
I GET TO FORCE YOU
TO FIGHT YOUR FRIEND.
NO, YOU DON'T.
I COULD JUST DROP
MY DUEL DISK AND
WALK AWAY FROM THIS.
AND WHERE
WOULD YOU GO?
THE ONLY WAY
OUT OF THIS DIMENSION
IS THROUGH ME, JADEN.
HMM.
SHALL WE?
Syrus: HOLD ON.
YOU SURE YOU'RE READY?
AND WHAT ABOUT
POOR JESSE?
ARE YOU JUST GOING TO START
PUMMELING AWAY AT THE LAD?
IT'S NOT HIS FAULT
HE'S BEEN TAKEN OVER.
COME ON. WHAT ARE
YOU WAITING FOR?
YOU LOVE DUELING, JADEN.
YOU LIVE FOR IT.
IF YOU'RE TOO SCARED
TO DUEL,
THEN YOU MUST BE
TOO SCARED TO LIVE.
HUH. HAH.
JADEN!
DON'T DO IT.
Jaden: [THINKING]
SOONER OR LATER, I'M GONNA HAVE
TO SETTLE THE SCORE WITH YUBEL.
I DON'T WANNA HURT JESSE, BUT
IF I DON'T PUT AN END TO THIS,
WHO KNOWS WHO ELSE'LL GET HURT?
BESIDES, MAYBE I CAN SAVE JESSE.
WHEN I WAS THE SUPREME KING,
JIM FOUGHT HIS HEART OUT TRYING
TO TALK SOME SENSE INTO ME.
HE DUELED TO THE END, TRYING TO
SAVE ME FROM MY OWN FEELINGS.
THAT'S WHAT I'VE GOTTA DO
FOR JESSE.
I'VE GOTTA FIND
A WAY INTO HIS MIND
AND GET HIM TO KICK YUBEL OUT.
STILL, THEY HAD HELP
FROM THE EYE OF ORACHALCUM,
AND I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
AS POWERFUL AS THAT.
WHAT IF I DON'T HAVE
THE STRENGTH TO DO IT?
ADRIAN RISKED HIS LIFE, TOO,
BUT HE WASN'T ABLE TO BREAK
YUBEL, EVEN WITH EXODIA.
WHAT IF I DO THIS
AND I'M NOT READY?
YUBEL WILL DEFEAT ME,
AND THEN ALL MY FRIENDS
WILL BE TRAPPED FOREVER,
AND YUBEL WILL
TAKE OVER THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE,
AND IT'LL ALL BE BECAUSE
I WASN'T GOOD ENOUGH, AND--
Neos: JADEN...
HUH, IS THAT YOU, NEOS?
HUH? AQUA DOLPHIN,
FLAME WINGMAN,
GRAND MOLE.
YOU'RE ALL HERE.
ARE WE HAVING
A PARTY?
YES, AND YOU'RE
THE GUEST OF HONOR, JADEN.
WE'RE GATHERED HERE
TO GIVE YOU
A PEP TALK, JADEN.
YOU CAN'T GO INTO THIS
DUEL DOUBTING YOURSELF.
IF YOU DO,
YUBEL WILL OWN YOU.
Aqua Dolphin:
WHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T DOUBT
YOUR OWN SPIRIT, JADEN.
AFTER ALL, IT'S THAT
UNYIELDING SPIRIT OF YOURS
THAT ENABLED
YOU TO SAVE NEO SPACE.
SURE, YOU DON'T HAVE
ANY MAGICAL ARTIFACT
TO HELP YOU OUT,
BUT YOU'VE GOT US,
AND YOU'VE GOT YOU.
YOUR GREATEST POWER
IS YOUR ABILITY
TO SEE THE BEST IN PEOPLE.
YOUR BEST WEAPON
IS YOUR BELIEF
THAT NO ONE
IS BEYOND SAVING.
YOU MUST NOT FORGET THAT,
OR ALL WILL BE LOST.
NO ONE
IS BEYOND SAVING.
THAT'S RIGHT.
I KNOW THAT JESSE
AND HIS CRYSTAL
BEASTS CAN BE SAVED.
I HAVE TO REMEMBER
THE DARKNESS
CAN BE BROKEN.
I GET IT NOW.
THIS WHOLE THING--
THE INTERDIMENSIONAL
FUNHOUSE,
THESE MIND GAMES,
USING MY FRIENDS
AS BAIT--
IT'S ALL PART
OF YUBEL'S GAME.
YUBEL HAS BEEN
TRYING TO WEAKEN ME
BY MAKING ME
DOUBT MYSELF.
Crowler: JADEN!
DON'T DO THIS, MY BOY.
STAY BACK!
HOLD THIS.
IF YOU WANT A DUEL,
THEN YOU'VE GOT ONE.
HA HA!
I HOPED YOU'D SAY THAT.
YOUR TIME IS UP, YUBEL.
YOUR GAMES END HERE.
I'M GONNA TAKE YOU DOWN.
HEH HEH.
SOMEONE'S FEELING BETTER.
HEY, FELLAS, THANKS
FOR THE PEP TALK.
TALKING
TO YOUR CARDS?
WE USED TO BE THAT CLOSE,
BUT THEN YOU BETRAYED ME...
SO NOW YOU'LL
FEEL THE PAIN
YOU PUT ME THROUGH.
LET'S DO THIS.
YOU'LL RISK EVERYTHING
TO SAVE YOUR FRIEND,
BUT CAN YOU HELP HIM
BEFORE YOU DESTROY HIM?
LOOKS LIKE WE'LL
FIND OUT RIGHT NOW.
LET'S GET STARTED.
MY MOVE.
[THINKING]
I'VE COME ALL THIS WAY,
AND NO MATTER WHAT IT TAKES,
I HAVE TO SAVE MY FRIEND.
THEY'VE STARTED
THEIR DUEL.
IF JADEN LETS YUBEL
GET IN HIS HEAD,
THERE'S NO WAY
HE CAN WIN THIS.
I DON'T THINK
I CAN WATCH.
THIS IS IT, JADEN.
I DRAW.
I ACTIVATE THE ADVANCED
DARK FIELD SPELL.
NOT THAT ONE!
ISN'T THAT
THE SAME FIELD SPELL HE USED
TO DEFEAT YOUR BROTHER?
HOW DOES IT WORK AGAIN?
UHH!
IF JESSE SENDS
A CRYSTAL BEAST FROM HIS
DECK TO HIS GRAVEYARD,
THE FIELD SPELL
WILL ACT AS A SHIELD
AND PROTECT HIM
FROM ALL BATTLE DAMAGE.
NOW LET'S GET
TO MY BEASTS.
FIRST, I PLAY ADVANCED
CRYSTAL BEAST COBALT EAGLE.
THAT'S IT FOR NOW.
THEN IT'S MY TURN.
I DRAW.
[GASPS]
POLYMERIZATION.
THIS IS THE CARD I USED
FOR EVIL WHEN I WAS
THE SUPREME KING,
I CAN'T USE THIS.
WHAT?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHY IS HE JUST STANDING THERE?
HE MUST DO SOMETHING.
UH-OH. IF THAT CARD'S
WHAT I THINK IT IS,
JADEN'S IN TROUBLE.
HMM, WHY THE HESITATION?
SOMETHING WRONG?
[THINKING] I DON'T KNOW
IF I HAVE THE STRENGTH
TO USE THIS CARD.
IF ONLY I HAD THE GUTS
THAT ZANE HAD...
I MEAN, HE RISKED EVERYTHING
TO HAVE ONE GREAT DUEL.
HE DIDN'T HOLD ANYTHING BACK,
EVEN THOUGH HE KNEW THAT GIVING
HIS ALL MIGHT DESTROY HIM.
I HAVE TO BE THAT BRAVE, TOO.
I CAN'T BE SCARED ANYMORE.
HERE GOES. I ACTIVATE
POLYMERIZATION.
HE DID IT?
I FUSE
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN
AND ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX.
HUH!
[THINKING] MY POOR FRIENDS.
I CAN'T DO THIS, NOT AGAIN.
NO. I WON'T BACK DOWN.
I WON'T BLAME MYSELF
BECAUSE IT WASN'T MY FAULT
AND I STILL HAVE A CHANCE
TO MAKE EVERYTHING RIGHT.
HERE WE GO.
I SUMMON TO THE FIELD
ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN.
HOW ABOUT THAT?
LOOKS LIKE JADEN'S
NOT SCARED ANYMORE.
I HOPE HE
STILL REMEMBERS
HOW TO DUEL
'CAUSE IF HE DOES,
THEN WE MIGHT ACTUALLY
GET TO GO HOME.
HMM...
WELL DONE, J.
TO THINK, HERE AT
THE END OF THE ROAD,
YOU FIND YOUR
INNER STRENGTH AGAIN.
HMM.
JADEN, COMBINE
THAT INNER STRENGTH
WITH FLAME WINGMAN'S POWER
AND FIND JESSE'S SPIRIT.
WHADDYA MEAN?
BY DISTRACTING YUBEL
WITH WINGMAN'S ATTACK,
YOU WILL HAVE THE CHANCE
TO ENTER JESSE'S MIND.
ONCE THERE, YOU CAN SEARCH
FOR YOUR FRIEND'S SPIRIT.
HOPEFULLY BY RE-CONNECTING
WITH YOUR FRIEND,
THE EVIL CONTROLLING HIM
WILL BE EXPELLED.
I'M ON IT.
WISH ME LUCK.
WHY THE DELAY?
YOU'RE NOT STILL
AFRAID, ARE YOU?
OH, I DON'T
THINK SO, YUBEL.
FLAME WINGMAN,
ATTACK COBALT EAGLE.
AH.
YOU'RE ATTACKING ME?
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN THE EFFECT OF
THE ADVANCED DARK FIELD SPELL?
I'LL JUST SEND AN ADVANCED
CRYSTAL BEAST TO MY GRAVEYARD,
AND THEN THAT'LL BE THAT.
READY?
HERE WE GO.
NOW ATTACK HIM, WINGMAN.
HUH?
HUH? OH...
JESSE!
RRGH! HUH?
JESSE, IT'S JADEN.
THE REAL YOU IS IN HERE
SOMEWHERE, RIGHT?
HELLO?
MAN, NOBODY'S HOME.
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?
I DON'T KNOW HOW
IT'S HAPPENED,
BUT IT SEEMS YUBEL
HAS TRANSFERRED
JESSE'S SPIRIT
SOMEPLACE ELSE.
OH. WELL, THEN
WHERE IS IT?
RRGH!
[THINKING] IF JESSE'S
SPIRIT'S NOT IN HIS OWN
BODY, WHERE COULD IT BE?
OH...
COULD HE BE TRAPPED
IN HIS DECK?
HA HA HA!
YOU NEED TO BE CAREFUL.
YOU'RE DWELLING
ON YOUR FRIEND,
AND YOU'RE DOING SO
AT THE EXPENSE
OF YOUR DUELING SKILLS.
YOU SEE, YOU JUST
WASTED A TURN WITH
A USELESS ATTACK.
IT DIDN'T DAMAGE ME,
AND NOW WITH
MY MONSTER'S ABILITY,
I CAN PLACE COBALT EAGLE IN
MY SPELL AND TRAP CARD ZONE.
IF YOU WANT
TO SURVIVE THIS,
YOU SHOULD FORGET
ABOUT SAVING YOUR FRIEND.
THIS IS AWFUL.
IF HE FIGHTS,
JADEN RUNS THE RISK
OF DESTROYING JESSE
FOR GOOD.
THEN AGAIN, IF HE FOCUSES
TOO MUCH ON SAVING JESSE,
HE MAY SLIP UP
AND LOSE THE DUEL.
OH...
RAINBOW DARK DRAGON,
COULD YOU BE THE KEY?
HEH HEH.
[THINKING] SOMEHOW
JESSE'S SPIRIT
IS TRAPPED IN
THE RAINBOW DARK DRAGON
CARD.
I JUST KNOW IT.
I CAN FEEL IT.
NOW I JUST GOT FIGURE OUT
HOW TO GET HIM OUT OF THERE.
I'M PLACING
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
[THINKING] JUST HANG ON
A LITTLE LONGER, JESSE.
I'M GONNA FREE YOUR
SPIRIT FROM THAT CARD.
HA HA HA! DO YOU ENJOY
HURTING YOUR FRIENDS?
YOU MUST BECAUSE IT SEEMS
LIKE YOU DO IT ALL THE TIME.
WAS I THE FIRST?
DID I REALLY DESERVE
TO SUFFER?
WHY IS IT YOU HAD NO PROBLEM
TOSSING ME ASIDE?
WHY AREN'T YOU
SAYING ANYTHING?
DON'T YOU HAVE SOME FLIP
AND SARCASTIC RESPONSE?
DID I HIT A NERVE?
IT'S NOT LIKE YOU
TO BE SO TIGHT-LIPPED.
YOU KNOW WHAT I THINK?
I THINK THAT YOU'RE
TOO AFRAID OF THE TRUTH.
HMM...
WE'LL SEE.
I SUMMON
ADVANCED CRYSTAL BEAST
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS...
AND NOW I ACTIVATE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH LETS ME SUMMON
A CRYSTAL FROM MY DECK.
I CHOOSE TO CALL OUT
MY ADVANCED CRYSTAL BEAST
RUBY CARBUNCLE,
AND NOW WITH RUBY'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I'M ABLE TO RELEASE
ALL THE CRYSTALS
IN MY SPELL
AND TRAP CARD ZONE.
COME FORTH,
ADVANCED CRYSTAL BEASTS
RUBY CARBUNCLE...
AND COBALT EAGLE.
WITH THAT DONE, I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CRYSTAL RELEASE
AND EQUIP IT TO PEGASUS,
GIVING HIM 800 MORE
ATTACK POINTS.
NO.
NOW THEN...
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS,
TAKE DOWN HIS WINGMAN.
GO, SAPPHIRE DARK HORN.
AAH! AAH!
WITH WINGMAN GONE,
COBALT EAGLE ATTACKS YOU.
GO, COBALT DARK WING.
AAH! AAH!
YOU HAD ENOUGH,
OR CAN YOU TAKE SOME MORE?
'CAUSE CARBUNCLE'S GOT SOME
RUBY DARK FLASH FOR YA.
UH! UH!
UH... MM...
MUST FEEL WEIRD TO BE HURT
BY SOMEONE YOU THOUGHT
WAS YOUR FRIEND.
WELL, NOW YOU CAN SHARE
IN THE PAIN AND SUFFERING
THAT YOU PUT ME THROUGH
ALL THESE YEARS.
JADEN, I WANT YOU TO HURT
LIKE I HURT.
WELL, IF THAT'S
HOW I SAVE JESSE,
THEN BY ALL MEANS,
YUBEL, BRING IT.
OK, THEN.
IF THAT IS WHAT YOU REALLY
WANT TO EXPERIENCE, JADEN,
SO BE IT.
WHAT'S JADEN
AGREEING TO?
IT SEEMS, JADEN IS GOING
TO RISK EVERYTHING
IN ORDER TO FREE JESSE
FROM YUBEL'S GRIP.
AND YOU BETTER
BELIEVE YUBEL
WILL DO EVERYTHING
NOT TO LET GO OF HIM.
I'M GONNA
SAVE YOU, JESSE.
IT'S MY MOVE.
I DRAW.
SWEET. THERE WE GO.
NOW I SUMMON NEO-SPACIAN
GRAND MOLE.
NEXT, I REVEAL
MY TRAP CARD--
COMMON SACRIFICE,
AND THANKS TO THE FACT
THAT YOU HAVE 3 MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD,
THE EFFECT OF THIS TRAP
NOW GETS ACTIVATED...
HUH?
SO NOW THE TWO WEAKEST
MONSTERS ON YOUR FIELD
BOTH GET SENT TO
YOUR GRAVEYARD,
AND THEN I CAN PLAY A
LEVEL 7 OR ABOVE MONSTER
STRAIGHT FROM MY HAND,
SO I'M SUMMONING
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS.
NOW, GRAND MOLE, ATTACK
HIS SAPPHIRE PEGASUS.
RRGH!
NOW GRAND MOLE'S SPECIAL
ABILITY ACTIVATES.
'CAUSE OF THAT,
NEITHER ONE OF US
TAKES ANY DAMAGE,
BUT BOTH OUR MONSTERS
ARE RETURNED
TO OUR HANDS.
WELL, SINCE MY PEGASUS
WAS KNOCKED FROM THE FIELD,
I'LL SEND THE CRYSTAL RELEASE
EQUIP SPELL TO MY GRAVEYARD,
WHICH LETS ME TAKE A CRYSTAL
FROM MY DECK
AND PLACE IT IN MY
SPELL AND TRAP CARD ZONE,
AND I CHOOSE ADVANCED
CRYSTAL BEAST AMBER MAMMOTH.
HMM?
YOU READY, NEOS?
LET'S GO. HUH?
OH, JESSE, YOU LOOK LIKE
YOUR OLD SELF AGAIN.
Neos: IT'S A TRICK,
JADEN.
HUH? YEAH?
YUBEL KNOWS THAT
IF YOU'RE TOO CONCERNED
ABOUT HURTING JESSE,
YOU WON'T ATTACK
WITH EVERYTHING YOU'VE GOT,
BUT IN ORDER TO SAVE JESSE
AND ALL YOUR FRIENDS,
YOU HAVE TO BE WILLING
TO DO WHATEVER IT TAKES.
DON'T LET YUBEL'S
HEAD GAMES STOP YOU.
THANKS, NEOS.
I WON'T. HERE GOES.
NEOS, ATTACK YUBEL
DIRECTLY.
GO, WRATH OF NEOS.
AAH!
WHAT?
HUH?
HA HA HA!
YOU THINK THAT BY CHIPPING AWAY
AT MY LIFE POINTS,
YOU'RE ACTUALLY HURTING ME.
WELL, YOU'RE NOT.
YOU'RE ONLY
STRENGTHENING MY WILL.
WITH EVERY BLOW YOU DEAL ME,
YOU KEEP REMINDING ME
OF THE PAIN,
THE PAIN I HAVE CARRIED
IN MY HEART FOR YEARS,
ALL BECAUSE OF YOU.
YOU CHOSE TO CAST ME ASIDE
RATHER THAN FIGHT FOR ME.
YOU MADE ME, AND NOW YOU
FIGHT TO DESTROY ME?
AND SAVE MY FRIEND.
I END MY TURN.
IN THAT CASE,
I'M DRAWING.
HMM.
JADEN, FOR THIS TURN,
I'M ABOUT TO SHOW YOU
SOMETHING INCREDIBLE,
AND WITH IT, YOU'RE GOING TO
SUFFER AN INCREDIBLE DEFEAT.
COME OUT,
ADVANCED CRYSTAL BEAST
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS.
AND THANKS TO ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I TAKE ADVANCED
CRYSTAL BEAST AMETHYST CAT
AND PLACE IT OVER HERE,
LIKE SO.
NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE
CRYSTAL BEACON.
WITH THE POWER
OF THIS SPELL CARD,
I NOW GET TO SUMMON UP
YET ANOTHER CRYSTAL BEAST,
SO I'LL CALL OUT
ADVANCED TOPAZ TIGER.
HEH HEH HEH.
I'VE GOT 3 BEASTS
IN MY GRAVE
AND 4 BEASTS
OUT ON MY FIELD.
THEN THERE'S THIS--
THE ULTIMATE BEAST.
I CAN ONLY SUMMON IT
WHEN THERE'S A TOTAL
OF 7 ADVANCED BEASTS ON
MY FIELD AND IN MY GRAVEYARD.
THANKS TO YOU,
I'VE GOT THOSE 7.
[CHUCKLES]
GET READY TO COWER.
RISE, MY MIGHTY BEAST
RAINBOW DARK DRAGON.
AAH!
[THINKING]
OK. THERE IT IS.
I JUST HOPE MY HUNCH
IS CORRECT.
HOPEFULLY,
JESSE'S SPIRIT
HAS BEEN LOCKED AWAY
AND TRAPPED
IN THAT DARK DRAGON.
NOW I JUST HAVE TO
GET THROUGH TO HIM.
HEY, JESSE. JESSE,
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
SAY SOMETHING,
BUDDY.
JESSE!
[CHUCKLES]
NOW GET READY.
RAINBOW DARK DRAGON,
ATTACK NEOS
WITH DARK RAINBOW
REFRACTION.
AAH! AAH! UH!
[CHUCKLING]
OH...
UH... UH...
IS HE OK?
GET UP, J.
UH... URGH...
Jesse: JADEN...
HUH?
JADEN, HELP ME.
JESSE...
UH... RGH...
YOU ARE IN THERE.
HE CAN BARELY
STAND.
OH, THIS
ISN'T GOOD.
YUBEL HAS
TWO MORE CRYSTAL BEASTS
ON HIS FIELD,
AND BOTH OF THEM CAN
STILL ATTACK NEXT TURN.
AND JADEN'S ONLY GOT
300 LIFE POINTS TO HIS NAME.
IF ONE OF THEIR ATTACKS
SUCCEEDS, IT'S OVER.
JESSE, LISTEN UP.
HANG ON AS LONG
AS YOU CAN.
I'M GONNA SAVE YOU
SOMEHOW, SOMEWAY.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDIN' TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT
US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW,
LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪